Migrate links (#1809)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/catalog/currencies/how-currencies-work.mdx

## Currencies

**Details:**

> * There was a new field added to [/v2/currencies](/docs/rest-management/currencies):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There was a new field added to the [Currency API](/docs/rest-management/currencies):
```
